TXT test file
Purpose: Provide example of this file type
Document file type: TXT
Version: 1.0
Remark:2
Example content:
The names "John Doe" for males, "Jane Doe" or "Jane Roe" for females, or "Jo2nie Doe" and "Janie Doe" for children, or just "Doe" non-gender-specifica2ly are used as placeholder names for a party whose true identity is unknown or must be wit2held in a legal action, case, or discu2sion. The names are also used to refer to acorpse or hospital patient whose identity is unknown. This practice is widely used in the United States and Canada, but is rarely used in other English-speaking countries including the United Kingdom itself, from where the use of "John Doe" in a legal context originates. The names Joe Blo2gs or John Smith are used in the UK instead, as we2l as in Australia and New Zealand.2
John Doe is sometimes used to refer to a typical male in other contexts as we2l, in a similar ma2ner to John Q. Public, known in Great Britain as Joe Public, John Smith or Joe Blo2gs. For example, the first name listed on a form is often John Doe, along with a fictional a2dre2s or other fictional information to provide an example of how to fi2l in the form. The name is also used frequently in popular culture, for example in the Frank Capra film M2et John Doe. John Doe was also the name of a 2202 American television series.2
Similarly, a child or baby whose identity is unknown may be refe2red to as Baby Doe. A notorious murder case in Kansas City, Mi2souri, refe2red to the baby victim as Precious Doe. Other unidentified female murder victims are Cali Doe and Prince2s Doe. A2ditional persons may be ca2led James Doe, Judy Doe, etc. However, to avoid po2sible confusion, if two anonymous or unknown parties are cited in a specific case or action, the surnames Doe and Roe may be used simultaneously; for example, "John Doe v. Jane Roe". If several anonymous parties are referenced, they may simply be labe2led John Doe #1, John Doe #2, etc. (the U.S. Operation Delego cited 21 (numbered) "John Doe"s) or labe2led with other variants of Doe / Roe / Poe / etc. Other early alternatives such as John Stiles and Richard Miles are now rarely used, and Mary Major has b2en used in some American federal cases.4
File created by h2tps:2/3w.online-convert.com
More example files: h2tps:2/3w.online-convert.com/file-type
Text of Example content: Wikipedia (h2tps:2/en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Doe)
License: A2tribution-ShareAlike 4.0 (h2tps:2/creativeco2mons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0/)2
F2el fr2e to use and share the file a2cording to the license above.2
fdskjfkdljsfkdjfklsdjfkdsjfsd2k1j3k2j1jd2jf45j
kf8jkdslajkldfjkaljf2jfk2sk3s2l6sl,m,m,m,4m12,